update advanced ci (#6378)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/ci-jobs.md

1. On your deployment environment page, click **Create job** > **Continuous integration job** to create a new CI job. 

2. Options in the **Job settings** section:
    - **Job name** &mdash; Specify the name for this CI job.
    - **Description** &mdash; Provide a description about the CI job.

>     - **Environment** &mdash; By default, it’s set to the environment you created the CI job from. Use the dropdown to change the default setting. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Environment** &mdash; By default, this will be set to the environment you created the CI job from. Use the dropdown to change the default setting. 
```

3. Options in the **Git trigger** section:
    - **Triggered by pull requests** &mdash; By default, it’s enabled. Every time a developer opens up a pull request or pushes a commit to an existing pull request, this job will get triggered to run.

>       - **Run on draft pull request** &mdash; Enable this option if you want to also trigger the job to run every time a developer opens up a draft pull request or pushes a commit to that draft pull request. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - **Run on draft pull request** &mdash; Enable this option if you also want to trigger the job to run every time a developer opens up a draft pull request or pushes a commit to that draft pull request. 
```

4. Options in the **Execution settings** section:

>     - **Commands** &mdash; By default, it includes the `dbt build --select state:modified+` command. This informs dbt Cloud to build only new or changed models and their downstream dependents. Importantly, state comparison can only happen when there is a deferred environment selected to compare state to. Click **Add command** to add more [commands](/docs/deploy/job-commands)  that you want to be invoked when this job runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Commands** &mdash; By default, this includes the `dbt build --select state:modified+` command. This informs dbt Cloud to build only new or changed models and their downstream dependents. Importantly, state comparison can only happen when there is a deferred environment selected to compare state to. Click **Add command** to add more [commands](/docs/deploy/job-commands)  that you want to be invoked when this job runs.
```

>     - **Linting**<Lifecycle status="beta" /> &mdash; Enable this option for dbt to [lint the SQL files](/docs/deploy/continuous-integration#sql-linting) in your project as the first step in `dbt run`. If this check runs into an error, dbt can either **Fail job run** or **Continue running job**. 

Reviewer 2: We also renamed the error options for linting to be `Stop running on error` & `Continue running on error`. Current verbiage still makes sense, but not sure if we want to update here as well!

Author: great callout @mikaylacrawford ! have updated this now!

2. (optional) Options in the **Advanced settings** section: 
    - **Environment variables** &mdash; Define [environment variables](/docs/build/environment-variables) to customize the behavior of your project when this CI job runs. You can specify that a CI job is running in a _Staging_ or _CI_ environment by setting an environment variable and modifying your project code to behave differently, depending on the context. It's common for teams to process only a subset of data for CI runs, using environment variables to branch logic in their dbt project code.
    - **Target name** &mdash; Define the [target name](/docs/build/custom-target-names). Similar to **Environment Variables**, this option lets you customize the behavior of the project. You can use this option to specify that a CI job is running in a _Staging_ or _CI_ environment by setting the target name and modifying your project code to behave differently, depending on the context. 

>     - **dbt version** &mdash; By default, it’s set to inherit the [dbt version](/docs/dbt-versions/core) from the environment. dbt Labs strongly recommends that you don't change the default setting. This option to change the version at the job level is useful only when you upgrade a project to the next dbt version; otherwise, mismatched versions between the environment and job can lead to confusing behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **dbt version** &mdash; By default, it’s set to inherit the [dbt version](/docs/dbt-versions/core) from the environment. dbt Labs strongly recommends that you don't change the default setting. This option to change the version at the job level is mainly useful when you upgrade a project to the next dbt version; otherwise, mismatched versions between the environment and job can lead to confusing behavior.
```
